fix: remove user data page language update (rhdevdocs-4580) (#2553)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/removing-user-data.adoc

.Procedure

> . Get the __<username>__ user __<id>__ `id`:
> .. Navigate to pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/swagger/#/user/find_1.
> .. Click btn:[Try it out], set *name*: __<username>__, and click btn:[Execute].
> .. Scroll down the *Response body* to find the `id` value.

Reviewer: There's an easier way to do the same:
```suggestion
. Visit `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/api/user` in the web browser and copy the `id` value from the response.
```
BTW, if you apply this suggestion, I recommend removing the commented out lines from here to the next step of the procedure.

//   'pass:c,m,a,q[+https:+//__<{prod-host}>__]/api/user/find?name=__<username>__'
// ----

> . Remove the __<id>__ user data that {prod-short} server manages, such as user preferences:

Reviewer: @dmytro-ndp, do you happen to know if we can use `https://<che_fqdn>/api` to remove user data?
Here's the current version of the docs:
https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/stable/administration-guide/removing-user-data/
Here's Jana's preview:
https://63eb684ebf50410b07969003--eclipse-che-docs-pr.netlify.app/docs/next/administration-guide/removing-user-data/

Reviewer 2: It would better to ask @ScrewTSW who is testing user data removal, or @ibuziuk .
